[MUSIC]
>> Kevin Whinnery: I think we'll start off
with the two kind of heroes of our front
end toolchain which are Browserify and
SAS and they help with a lot of different
things that make our front end code
much more expressive to write.
And also also more performant and
feature rich.
So Browserify and
SAS are both preprocessors,
Browserify for JavaScript and SAS for CSS.
In our application we're actually
using Browserify as the primary
mechanism by which we transform our
JavaScript into actual cross browser
JavaScript code that can run again
across a variety of browsers.
So Browserify provides a few things.
It actually has a transform
which we'll talk about next.
That runs it through another tool
called Babel which ultimately produces
a cross-platform JavaScript code that you
can actually serve which we've been doing
this entire time with
our to do application.
SAS is a is a preprocessor for CSS.
It takes a language that is
a superset of CSS features and
converts that to plain vanilla CSS.
So Browserify I think is
maybe one of the key technologies
of the entire Node.js ecosystem.
It's a critical component of being able to
realize this idea of isomorphic JavaScript
where you can write code that can run
both on the client's and on the server.
And while as a practical matter
you don't really that often
share a ton of code between client and
server unless it's pure JavaScript.
The primary thing that Browserify
provides is the ability to
write your code the same way.
So when you're writing a view.js component
you're still dealing with a common
js module.
You're using the same language features
that you can use on the server and node.
And Browserify makes all of that possible.
So there's no context switching
where you're going to the front and
the back end.
If you've worked as I have in
languages where JavaScript is
purely on the front end and on the back,
you're writing Ruby or Java or whatever.
You know that there's a switch when you
go from one language to the other and
Browserify makes that switch
pretty much seamless.
So a it's a a critical tool in my mind for
the success of node.js.
So Browserify itself provides
one primary service for
your application which is
t o analyze the dependency
structure of your code to see
which modules are required.
And then it builds a JavaScript bundle and
a sort of integrated require system
which will allow that your node.js style
common js code to run in the browser.
And that's pretty much what Browserify
provides but the other thing that it
does is it provides an affordance for
transformations and plugins.
And the transformations that you can
include along with Browserify do lots of
very useful things.
In our case we're using
a Browserify Transform for Babel so
we're able to, during that process
of packaging our JavaScript,
convert code that is
written on the server for
an ES2015+ version of JavaScript.
And we can actually take that code and
convert it to
regular ES5 code that can run
on a variety of browsers.
So the Babelify Transform provides
that functionality for us.
And that's just one of many different
transforms that you can use.
There are transforms that allow you
to require like templates, so if you
have Jade templates or a Pug templates
I guess, they're calling it these days.
You can actually require those files and
there's a transform, they'll turn
it into a JavaScript function that you can
require directly in your JavaScript code.
So there's a ton of really
useful technologies,
transforms out there that you
can integrate into Browserify.
The transforms are typically installed
as peer modules of Browserify.
Browserify itself doesn't ship
with any of these transformations.
And while you can execute Browserify
directly from the from the command line,
typically you can execute it
with a variety of options.
Typically what ends up being
expedient is configuring your
Browserify transforms and options within
the package.json for the project.
And if you look in the to-do MBC++ repo,
you can see the configuration options for
Browserify, so in this case we're
right now using two transforms.
The first is Browserify Shim,
sorry for the laser pointer usage for
those online, but
Browserify Shim will helps you to shim in
different modules that may exist
as regular JavaScript modules so
they can be required in your application.
So in the configuration down below for
Browserify Shim,
we have the ability to require jquery
in our common js style browser code.
But that's essentially going to be
a reference to the window scoped dollar
sign object to which jquery is assigned
when actually running in the browser.
In addition to the shim transform
we also have the Babelify
transform which again is a framework for
integrating lots of different
features for advanced versions of
actual script into your application.
In our current application we're
using the ES 2015 presets which
add a lot of language features that
don't yet exist in most browsers.
But there's other presets
that you can use.
There's a popular react
preset which allows you
to convert JSX files with
integrated view code into regular
JavaScript as a part of
this process as well.
So Browserify,
a key tool in our tool chain here.
>> Speaker 2: Where is
that configuration file?
>> Kevin Whinnery: That's actually
gonna be in package.json,
so down near the bottom.